This program continues from 2026-10-25
At the program's start, the user will be given login information for testing purposes.

Next, they will be prompted to enter a date.
Leaving this blank or entering an invalid date will lead to the program beginning on the current date.

Step 1:
The next date in the sequence is 2026-11-13 (2nd Friday of November)
Payroll is Cleared and regenerated
Between 2026-10-25 & 2026-11-13, a Part-Time Employee can log in and fill their pay claims.
For Example;
USERID, USERNAME, PASSWORD
E6509635,FilipRo2,gumgum3

Upon logging in as this user, you will see an optional prompt: "F)ill Pay Claim."
The user can then fill in their hours, and the option disappears afterwards.
The option doesn't become available again until the 2026-11-25.

Step 2:
The next date in the sequence is 2026-11-25 (25th of the month)
On each 25th, the Payslips are distributed to all Full-Time employees and Part-Time employees who filled out a PayClaim.
PayClaims is also emptied.

Step 3:
The next date in the sequence is 2026-12-11
Payroll regenerated again.

Step 4:
The next date in the sequence is 2027-10-25 (Promotion day)
PaySlips are generated.
PayScale is then increased, and Promotions are found for Full-Time Employees.


SYSTEM USER TYPES:
The system has 3 user types,

ADMIN
EMPLOYEE
HUMAN RESOURCES [HR]

Each user type can see and do different things. A "user" in this system is just an account, meaning not every user is an employee! Only EMPLOYEE type users are Full-Time or Part-Time employees, meanwhile ADMIN and HR type users are just accounts (not employees!).
Individual Admin and HR employees can also have their own EMPLOYEE type account to use the Payroll system.

SELECTION SYSTEM:
Different input types,

Prompts with ":" indicate an open field.
Prompts with "->" indicate a selection.
Open field inputs can be of variable length, are capslock sensitive, and may require a certain format (number, text, date, etc.), while a selection is capslock insensitive and is a single character.

HOW TO USE

After logging in, each user type has a different menu. Read SELECTION SYSTEM on how to navigate menus.

ADMIN users can create new users of each type and view existing usernames and passwords. When creating a new EMPLOYEE user, extra input data is required.

EMPLOYEE users can view their personal information and past pay slips. Full-Time employees can accept promotions, while Part-Time employees can fill in pay claims.

HUMAN RESOURCES users can view the personal information of every EMPLOYEE and have the ability to send promotion offers to Full-Time employees if possible.




